[FSSDK-10316] JS version bump up for react native polyfill support (#266)
optimizely/react-sdk: README.md

Refer to the [React SDK's developer documentation](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v4.0.0-full-stack/docs/javascript-react-sdk) for detailed instructions on getting started with using the SDK.

> Similarly for React native, checkout the [React Native developer documentation](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/feature-experimentation/docs/javascript-react-native-sdk) for installation and implementation detail

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
For React Native, review the [React Native developer documentation](https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/feature-experimentation/docs/javascript-react-native-sdk) for installation and implementation detail.

```
